# Shop Web Frontend
This is the frontend Application for the new shop prototype. It is using the Backend for frontend application (**shopweb**) to fetch all items, providers, splitruns and other data.


## VM Setup
If you already have the shop VM installed, skip to section **"Prerequesites"**

### Get the VM


```
W:\DWD\vb-images\shop\VM-SHOP_January_2016
```
Browse to this directory and copy the .ova file to your hard drive. Next you need to import the appliance to Virtual Box, from the context menu of Virtual Box. Should work with 4.3+ (but was only tested with 4.3.34)
The VM is set to boot **without GUI**. If you prefer using graphical interface follow these steps:
1. From the terminal open /etc/inittab (with vim)
```
vim /etc/inittab
```
2. Edit the last line of the file to match:
```
id:5:initdefault:
```
3. Save the file and reboot the mashine!

Thats it, now you should have the mashine running and ready to use.

### Put your credentials

1. Go to ~/.ssh/ and delete the public and the private key. After that insert your own private and public key if you wish to use git on this mashine.
2. Edit the file ~/.composer/auth.json and insert your credentials (LDAP/ Windows) instead of the 3 dots.
3. [Update your Git Username](https://help.github.com/articles/setting-your-username-in-git/)



## Prerequisites
Make sure you already have installed **nodejs** as well as **npm** on your VM.
shopweb API should be installed near to the frontend.

## Installation

- ```sudo gedit /etc/nginx/conf.d/ggs.conf```

- Add this line to the top of the file:  
```include /var/www/goodgamestudios.com/shopwebfrontend/resources/nginx.conf;```
- Restart NGINX:  
```sudo service nginx restart```  

- Install grunt dependencies:  
```npm install```  

- **Development** (including watch task):  
```grunt develop```

- **Deployment** (production):  
```grunt deploy```  

- **Test** (currently only Unit tests):  
```grunt test```  

On executing the grunt, a public folder will be created automatilcally. Also the translation files for every language will be loaded, transformed and written into the public /translations folder.

## PHP part 

### Installation

- Install Composer:  
```curl -sS https://getcomposer.org/installer | php```
- Run composer to festch dependencies:   
```composer install``` 
- Add writable splunk log directory:  
```sudo mkdir -m 777 /var/log/application/shopwebfrontend/```